These are the basic questions that
you have probably answered well.
These blocks are customer segments,
distribution channels,
value proposition and customer
relationships.
This whole part of the canvas,
the right part, what does it refer to?
It is about customers and
the market.
If we were talking about the
left side, it refers to the
infrastructure, what you need,
the resources you need to
provide that value proposal
to those customer segments.
What is this block?
Key resources, revenue and
main costs.
We will draw a printing model.
The customers are mainly
small local, etc.
What are we referring to?
of course to the customer segments.
It has four business managers who
are responsible for capturing
and managing customers.
We are describing part of the distribution
channels of how the print
reaches its customers.
It offers printing services, it
is the value proposition of a print.
Close relationships with customers
are established.
We are describing how relationships
with customers are.
Machinery, local, stock, which are
key resources that are needed.
Manage customer relationships
and manage revenue processes.
The agreement with the paper
provider is a strategic alliance.
Sales team salaries and
salaries, we are describing
what are one of the main
cost parties.
Renting the machine is another
of the parties.
Income by project and service,
we are describing how the revenue
flows are.
Is the business force of a company
a direct channel or is it indirect?
It is a direct channel,
exchange costs generate
entry barriers to boost
competitors.
Do social media benefits from
high or low exchange costs?
These are usually high exchange costs.
Which business models
benefit from higher exchange
costs?
A restaurant, a tax advisor, a
hairdresser.
Among them, the tax counsel.
Changing a tax advisor is
more complicated than
changing a restaurant that
has no cost of change or
a hairdresser.
Of the following business models,
which does not have a recurring
income model?
The gym has a recurring
model, Netflix too, a car
sharing workshop not
and a tax advice yes
because it pays a quota.
The answer is the workshop.
Select the analysis that does
not correspond to a gym.
Is there a geographical
barrier?
Yes, because when you have
a gym you are generating
an entry barrier around,
you are discouraging competitors
to place a gym
nearby.
Is it a scalable model?
No to.
And are the revenue, expenses and
cash flow stable and easy to foresee?
and yes.
It is not a scalable model.
What is the product standardization
for?
The income is more
recurrent or more scalable.
To be more scalable?
You don't have to adapt the product
when you grow up.
How do social media monetize
users?
With advertisers, as it mainly
does Facebook, in some cases
through recurring quotas such
as on LinkedIn, for example, in
freemium quotas or in some cases
with freemium services
that are punctual.
Well, because they are all correct.
We find social networks that
have these three monetization formulas.
indirect distribution channels.
The channel allows you.
We have to choose which option
is wrong.
It allows you to grow faster.
It allows you to benefit from
the know-how of your distributors.
Does it allow you to better manage
the customer experience?
No to.
In fact, when you sell through
an indirect channel, you are losing
contact with the customer.
It is one of the disadvantages and allows
you to be more flexible.
Well, the option is to better
manage the customer experience.
A restaurant is a small business.
Why is?
The resources you need to
provide the service are very few.
You need a local, you need
waiters, cooks, etc.
Their market is limited.
Your own market, your
own market.
And you also have to make
strong investments or additional
investments to grow, because if
you want to grow a lot, you have
to build other restaurants
or expand the local.
So they are all correct.
What are the disadvantages of the
companies we have called owners?
That they are petty, that the
company is not attractive to
investors, that their valuation
will hardly grow.
Because, of course, it depends so much on
the owner that they are not companies
that come to value a lot of money.
All are correct.
In premium models, the percentage
of premium users is usually
how much?
More than a 70, between a 20 and a 70?
It is usually very low,
below 20.
What does this business model correspond to?
Are you looking for a marketplace
or an e-commerce site?
Well, it is important to keep in mind
that you have to buy and that you
also have to stock.
Costs are a variable of purchases.
It is clearly an e-commerce.
In a marketplace, you usually
don't have to stock
or buy.
You are linking supply with
demand.
This is an e-commerce.
What business model
does it not fit for?
Let us see.
We have the option of Facebook, social
network, a digital newspaper and
Zalando, which is an e-commerce or
fashion marketplace.
Let's look at the business model.
We have customer service,
we have millions of users
and we have advertisers.
What is the value proposal
we make to advertisers?
Well, then the data and attention
of those millions of users
and how we make money through
advertising.
Zalando, which we have said is an
e-commerce, a fashion marketplace,
does not make money through advertising.
Their main source of income is not
that.
This could never be the
business model of Zalando.
And following the same model, to
what pattern belongs what we
are seeing?
A free pattern in which we
give a free service to millions
of users and what we do is
win Good, because what we are
seeing here is the pattern
of a free or advertising
business model, we could call
it too.
We will analyze this.
We are seeing that the distribution
channel are millions of people
and also influencers.
And we have a cost that is
the commission for the sale, that
is, for each of the sales we
make, we have to pay this people,
which is a subscription
model, not a pyramid of affiliates.
It seems like a pyramid
of affiliates.
It seems that we are using
millions of people as
affiliates as a distribution
channel to boost our
sales.
Now let us ask a series of questions
relating to one of the cases
we have seen.
Spotify combines two sources of revenue.
A percentage of its users pay premium
fees and, in addition, what
it does is monetize those who
do not pay the one Spotify
faces, which is to convert
users free into pay users or
is to monetize users free.
Well, monetizing free users
is relatively easy, therefore,
because it does with
advertisers.
The challenge is that the percentage
of users who do not pay, that is,
who pay, increase.
What did Alvaro tell us?
Account Plus revolutionized the software
sector by bringing innovation
to the business model that
affected what?
To the customer segments a much
simpler, much more standardized
product than you, therefore,
the value proposal changes,
which allows you to target
a new customer segment.
Why is?
to smaller customers.
And what did Ritchie tell
us about innovation in Vintail'
s business model?
How can they grow in a mature
sector like that cave sector?
What they did, what they do is
innovate in the key resources
that are needed and what they
do is rely on other cellars
that become manufacturers
or almost suppliers.
Therefore, innovate in key
resources by not relying on
immobilized to grow.
For Fast Fashion companies,
such as Inditex or Mango,
what did Nestor Hub tell us?
The digital channel that generates
greater or smaller margins.
Well, he told us that something
surprisingly surprising generates
smaller margins due, among
other things, to the high
percentage of returns.